to prepare these delicious spaghetti
alla Carbonara for two people you will
need 200 gram of spaghetti hundred gram
of finely chopped smoked bacon finely
grated Parmesan cheese pepper three eggs
at room temperature one tablespoon of
coarse salt 1 tablespoon of olive oil
and approximately two and a half liters
of water cook the pasta in boiling
salted water for as much time as
recommended fry the bacon in a pan with
a tablespoon of olive oil when the bacon
is goldish and crispy take it away from
the fire whisk three eggs in a bowl add
two and a half tablespoon of parmesan
cheese season with pepper at taste and
mix before the past hour cooked reheat
the bacon for a minute or so drain the
pasta add bacon to the eggs pour the
spaghetti into the saucepan add the eggs
and bacon mixture steer thoroughly away
from the fire so all the ingredients get
a good coating and self now you can
pretend you don't know how to prepare
the real spaghetti carbonara try this
delicious Italian recipe and enjoy if
it's not already done subscribe to our
YouTube channel why miss great recipes
you